fix observables 2.2 (#820)
greymatter-io/helm-charts: observables/README.md

Once you have created the kibana index for `greymatter-`, you can use [Grey Matter Dashboarder](https://github.com/greymatter-io/dashboarder#dashboarder) to populate a Kibana dashboard. From the root directory of your helm-charts repo, run the following:

The password is `password`.

```bash
mkdir observables/certs
openssl pkcs12 -in certs/quickstart.p12 -cacerts -nokeys -out observables/certs/ca.crt
openssl pkcs12 -in certs/quickstart.p12 -clcerts -nokeys -out observables/certs/user.crt
openssl pkcs12 -in certs/quickstart.p12 -nocerts -nodes -out observables/certs/user.key
```

Then, to run the dashboarder service:

```bash

> docker run --rm -v $(pwd)/observables/certs:/usr/local/dashboarder -e GREYMATTER_URL=https://$GREYMATTER_API_HOST/services/kibana-observables-proxy/7.1.0/api/saved_objects/ docker.greymatter.io/internal/dashboarder generate greymatter

Reviewer: 🥳  Glad to see that this docker image is working!!

## Removing Observables

> The make file has the ability to remove the observables deployment as a whole or individual pieces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The makefile has the ability to remove the observables deployment as a whole or individual pieces.
```
